# Privacy policy

This policy (the "Privacy Policy") describes the information gathering practices of ConArtist, in
the use of the ConArtist website and mobile application, and the services they provide (together the
"Services"). By using the Services, you are consenting to the Privacy Policy and the collection of
any personal information outlined herein.

We may update the Privacy Policy from time to time and you are responsible for periodically
reviewing the most current version of the Privacy Policy on our Website. Your continued use of the
Services or submission of information will be deemed your conclusive acceptance of our updated
Privacy Policy.

## Collecting Using and Disclosing Information

This Privacy Policy describes our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the
personal information that we collect about you through the Services such as your name, and email
address. We may collect this information when you subscribe to, or sign up for, certain tools or
features that we provide, when you fill out forms made available through the Services, when you
email us with general inquiries or with your comments or suggestions, or otherwise in connection
with your use of the Services. We will limit the personal information we collect to what we need for
the purposes for which it was collected, and will use such personal information for such purposes.
If we wish to use your personal information for any other purpose, we will obtain your consent
before using the information.

## What Information We Collect

We collect your email address to enable you to sign up for the Services. Your email is used to
administer your account, provide you access to the Services, and to contact you, including sending
you notifications about the Services.

When you access or use the Services, such as to track inventory, follow conventions, and record
sales and expenses, ConArtist will keep track of your products, prices, conventions, sales, and
expenses.

## How Your Information Is Shared

The name you provide when you sign up for the Services may be shared with other users of the
Services. Aggregated, anonymized data, such as average sales of users at a convention, may be
provided with users of the Services.

Additionally, any information you choose to share with other users and with us, such as information
about conventions, or suggestions and feedback on features of the Services, will be shared with
users of the Services, and can be identified to your account.

Specific information about your products, prices, conventions attended, and records of sales and
expenses will only be accessible to you through the use of your account.

## Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide the
Services, and to the extent necessary for complying with our legal obligations, and resolving
disputes.

We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized information which we may retain
indefinitely to improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.

## Securing Your Personal Information

We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security
measures to help protect your personal information against unauthorized access, destruction, or
alteration. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, and no method of storing
electronic information, can be 100% secure. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of your
transmissions to us and of your personal information that we store.

Your password protects your user account, so we encourage you to use a unique and strong password,
limit access to your computer, browser, and mobile devices, and sign out of the Services when they
are not in use.

## Your Rights

All users of the Services are provided the rights to access, correct, and request deletion of your
personal information. All users may change any of their personal information at any time using the
account settings, or by contacting us at by email at privacy@conartist.app.

If you request, we will delete or anonymize your personal data so that it no longer identifies you.
You may make this request by contacting us by email at privacy@conartist.app.

If you would like to request a full report of all your personal information that we have collected,
you make make this request by contacting us by email at privacy@conartist.app.
